Holiday hackathon winners blog (#195)
xataio/mdx-blog: winners-of-the-xata-holiday-hackathon.mdx

---
title: 'Announcing the winners of the Holiday Hackathon'
description: "We're excited to announce the winners of the Holiday Hackathon"
image:
  src: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xataio/mdx-blog/main/images/holiday-hackathon-winners.png
  alt: Winners
author: Alex Francoeur
date: 02-01-2024
published: true
tags: ['community', 'hackathon']
slug: holiday-hackathon-challenge-winners
ogImage: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xataio/mdx-blog/main/images/holiday-hackathon-winners.png
---

Towards the end of 2023, we announced our annual [Holiday Hackathon](https://xata.io/blog/xata-holiday-hackathon) to challenge our community to build that app they've been putting off all year. We were so excited to see the engagement from our community and all of the amazing submissions. The deadlines for submissions have now passed and we’re thrilled to announce the winners of the Holiday Hackathon!

🥁 _Drum roll, please_ 🥁

And the five winners (in no particular order), as voted by the [Xata team](https://xata.io/about), are…

## UTEC Classrooms

> As a student at Universidad de Ingeniería y Tecnología (UTEC), UTEC Classrooms is an inuitive interface for finding free classrooms on the UTEC campus. Hopefully Anthony and his fellow students can put this to good use!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developed by Anthony Cueva, a student at Universidad de Ingeniería y Tecnología (UTEC), UTEC Classrooms is an intuitive tool that simplifies the process of finding available classrooms on campus. Hopefully Anthony and his fellow students can put this to good use!
```

| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Builder    | [Anthony Cueva](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cuevantn/)                             |
| Repository | [github.com/cuevantn/utec-classrooms](https://github.com/cuevantn/utec-classrooms) |
| URL        | [UTEC Classrooms](https://utec-classrooms.vercel.app/)                             |

## FormUlate

FormUlate allows you to create simple forms from natural language. Simply type in your requirements and get beautiful forms generated with AI.

![FormUlate](/images/holiday-hackathon-formulate.png)

|            |                                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Builder    | [Giridhar Talla](https://twitter.com/giridhar_talla)                           |
| Repository | [github.com/giridhar7632/FormUlate](https://github.com/giridhar7632/FormUlate) |
| URL        | [FormUlate](https://formulate-six.vercel.app/)                                 |

## Todo

> Todo is a effortless productivity app built on Xata and [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) that keeps track of your every day todo list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Todo is a effortless productivity app built on Xata and [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) that keeps track of your everyday to-do list.
```
